Reviewing CSS docs (#898)
Textualize/textual: docs/guide/devtools.md

textual run my_app.py
```

> The `run` sub-command will look to see if you have an `App` instance called `app` in the global scope of your Python file and will use that if it does. If not it will then look to see if there is a class that inherits from `App` and it will create and `run` an instance of that. Finally, you can specify the application instance to run with a colon following the filename:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `run` sub-command will first look for a `App` instance called `app` in the global scope of your Python file. If there is no `app`, it will create an instance of the first `App` class it finds and run that.

Alternatively, you can add the name of an `App` instance or class after a colon to run a specific app in the Python file. Here's an example: 
```
